Update scim.md (#8218)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim.md

    - Push New Users
    - Push Profile Updates
    - Push Groups

>     - Import New Users and Profile Updates  (Optional for updating exisiting users)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Import New Users and Profile Updates  (Optional for users created before SSO/SCIM setup)
```
